Make changes for the 2026 03 workshop event (#10)
NBISweden/module-openrefine-dm-practices: _episodes/06-saving.md

### Saving

By default, OpenRefine saves your project continuously. If you close OpenRefine and open it up again,

> you'll see a list of your projects. You can click any of them to reopen it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you'll see a list of your projects. You can click any of them to re-open it.
```

More common in Brittish english
